README.adoc, before:

== Fulcro Native Template

This repository is a work-in-progress.

This is a project that could be used as the basis for a
full-stack Fulcro native+web project where the logic
of the web and native apps is shared as much as possible.

This particular example shares login logic among the web
and native UIs, along with some basic routing.

In the interest of time, a tour of this project is
available on https://youtu.be/03I9uRxVQsc[YouTube].

== Basic Usage

IMPORTANT: If you want to use Electron Fulcro Inspect with
the native app, you must uncomment the
preload line in `shadow-cljs.edn`.

NOTE: Logging errors in the Native env will show
an error screen on the app. Just press ESC to
continue in the simulator if that happens.

In one terminal, start up expo:

```
$ cd mobile
$ yarn
$ expo start
```

In another terminal, start up CLJS build:

```
$ yarn
$ npx shadow-cljs server
```

Go to http://localhost:9630/dashboard and
click on Builds, and check the native
and web builds (you should see both of them
build).

Make sure you have the clojure CLI tools
installed, and in a 3rd terminal start a REPL:

```
$ clj -A:dev
user=> (restart)
```

You should see a message about starting.

Open http://localhost:3000. This is the webapp.

Go to the Expo terminal window and press 'i'
(requires XCode and Simulator to be installed).

An iPad/Phone simulator should start with the app.

There is a demo login account of "user"/"letmein".

Commit message:

separated API endpoints; enabled cookies for native (#5)
* separated API endpoints to enable CSRF for web; enabled cookies for native
* fixed inspect preload for native and enabled it by default
* updated readme about inspect for native

README.adoc, after:

== Fulcro Native Template

This repository is a work-in-progress.

This is a project that could be used as the basis for a
full-stack Fulcro native+web project where the logic
of the web and native apps is shared as much as possible.

This particular example shares login logic among the web
and native UIs, along with some basic routing.

In the interest of time, a tour of this project is
available on https://youtu.be/03I9uRxVQsc[YouTube].

== Basic Usage

IMPORTANT: By default native app will try to connect to Electron Fulcro Inspect.
You may comment out the app.inspect-native-preload in `shadow-cljs.edn` to disable this.

NOTE: Logging errors in the Native env will show
an error screen on the app. Just press ESC to
continue in the simulator if that happens.

In one terminal, start up expo:

```
$ cd mobile
$ yarn
$ expo start
```

In another terminal, start up CLJS build:

```
$ yarn
$ npx shadow-cljs server
```

Go to http://localhost:9630/dashboard and
click on Builds, and check the native
and web builds (you should see both of them
build).

Make sure you have the clojure CLI tools
installed, and in a 3rd terminal start a REPL:

```
$ clj -A:dev
user=> (restart)
```

You should see a message about starting.

Open http://localhost:3000. This is the webapp.

Go to the Expo terminal window and press 'i'
(requires XCode and Simulator to be installed).

An iPad/Phone simulator should start with the app.

There is a demo login account of "user"/"letmein".
